pg:1  Elizabeth was a beautiful princess. She lived in a castle and has expensive princess clothes.
She was going to marry a prince named Ronald.
pg:2 Unfortunately, a dragon smashed her castle, burned all her clothes with his fiery breath, and carried off Prince Ronald.
pg:3 Elizabeth decided to chase the dragon and get Ronald back. She looked everywhere for something to wear, but
the only thing she could find that was not burnt was a paper bag. So she put on the paper bag and followed the dragon.
He was easy to follow because he left a trail of burnt forests and horses's bones.
pg:4 Finally, Elizabeth came to a cave with a large door that had a huge knocker on it. She took hold of the knocker and banged on the door. The dragon stuck his nose out of the door and said "Well, a princess! I love
to eat princesses, but I have already eaten a whole castle today! I am a very busy dragon.Come back tomorrow."
He slammed the door so fast that Elizabeth almost got her nose caught.
pg:5 Elizabeth grabbed the knocker and banged on the door again. The dragon stuck his nose out of the door and said.
"Go away. I love to eat princesses, but I have already eaten a whole castle today. I am a very busy dragon.Come back
tomorrow."
"Wait," shouted Elizabeth. "Is it true that you are the smartest and fiercest dragon in the whole world?"
"Yes," said the Dragon.
pg:6 "Is it true," said Elizabeth, "that you can burn up ten forests with your fiery breath?"
"Oh, yes," said the dragon, and he took a huge, deep breath and breathed out so much fire that he burnt up to fifty forests.
pg:7 "Fantastic," said Elizabeth, and the dragon took another huge breath and breathed out so much fire that he burnt up one hundred forests.
"Magnificent," said Elizabeth, and the dragon took another huge breath, but this time nothing came out. The dragon didn't even have enough fire left to cook a meatball.
pg:8 Elizabeth said, "Dragon, is it true that you can fly around the world in just ten seconds?"
"Why, yes," said the dragon, and jumped up and flew all the way around the world in just ten seconds.
pg:9 He was very tired when he got back, but
Elizabeth shouted, "Fantastic, do it again!"
So the dragon jumped up and flew around the whole world in just twenty seconds.
pg:10 When he got back he was too tired to talk, and he lay down and went straight to sleep. Elizabeth whispered, very softly, "Hey, dragon." The dragon didn't move at all.
She lifted up the dragon's ear and put her head right inside. She shouted as loud as she could, "Hey, dragon!"
The dragon was so tired he didn't even move.
Elizabeth walked right over the dragon and opened the door to the cave.
pg:11 There was Prince Ronald. He looked at her
and said, "Elizabeth, you are a mess! You smell like ashes, your hair is all tangled, and you are wearing a dirty old paper bag.
Come back when you are dressed like a real princess."
pg:12 "Ronald,"
said Elizabeth, "your clothes are really pretty and your hair is very neat. You look like a real prince, but you are a bum."
They didn't get married after all.
